[Music]
hi hello welcome back to another video I
hope you're doing really good
today's one I'm going to be doing FYE in
a day and I'm also going to be talking
about losing belly fat particularly
stubborn belly fat so I'm going to
discuss all of that and my thoughts
opinions things that have worked for me
first I always do this with these this
hadn't just comes out to play I'm gonna
make my breakfast first and then I'll
take you through a hit workout here's my
little outfit of the day I'm just
wearing this hoodie with choker that's
more usual so I'm gonna make my
chocolate protein so you only need like
a few things for chocolate first cheese
of course your own and your protein this
is optional as always I'm using cookies
and cream flavor today and some
unsweetened almond milk and then a cow
powder or you could use like hot
chocolate powder just whatever you've
got in the cupboard keep things nice and
easy so I'm just using 40 grams of oats
and that's about 140 grams of the our
pro unsweetened almond uh but obviously
just do this to like your preference I
quite like my oats to be more like on
the watery rather there and like drier
side if you also microwave your oats and
either use like a glass bowl or a
microwave one just because when you do
it like a ceramic corn your oats are
always overcooked and so this is a good
little hack like if you're wondering why
your consistency always goes wrong and
then he only goes like all puffy
[Music]
so that's kind of like that consistency
that I go for so when I'm making that
hot oats because I do normally have that
overnight oats I always put my protein
in afterwards but I don't do it before
in the microwave so it just goes really
weird I don't know what happens to it
but it's not great I'm gonna pop some of
these vanilla drops in so 30 grams of
the protein I put it so about 5 grams of
cacao powder for my toppings I'm just
using some cacao nibs chia seeds and
this a new sweet freedom
chocolate mint liquid chocolate sauce
which I've recently discovered really
really good and I'm also going to put
some banana on top too so that is the
finished chocolate Bowl it's literally
like eating a dessert like I love having
this as a snack as well I probably
choose this over like cake at the moment
honestly which is crazy to say I've got
some new dining table chairs which I'm
absolutely loving I'll show you that in
a sec that's also excited it's super
crunchy as well which is my favorite
[Music]
god it looks really bright on this
screen it's actually poem of red but it
must be this white jumper that's like
reflected I just wanted to touch on
something that was mentioned over all me
instagrams Sunday drives gone I did a
Q&A and I couldn't believe like the
amount of questions that were basically
the same and it was all about how to
lose belly fat how to get visible abs
how to lose a belly pouch there were so
many phrases but it was all like the
same kind of question and I thought it
was really important to always to
mention this in a video because I think
there's a massive misconception and that
is you can't spot reduce fat our bodies
just don't work like that in order to
get visible apps and to see definition
on your stomach you need to be in a
calorie deficit in order to lower your
body fat absolutely everyone has abs
underneath your skin but they're covered
by like a layer of fat which can be
reduced by being a calorie deficit I'm
losing weight on a whole a calorie
deficit is where you are consuming less
calories than your maintenance so it
generally to lose weight I would
recommend to be in a calorie deficit of
around 100 to 200 calories from your
maintenance of caution to a fat like
your maintenance calories there's loads
of like online stuffs that are really
simple and easy you can just let you
google it how to workout maintenance and
then fill in your details about your
height weight your activity level the
cart stress how important activity level
is this is what everyone differs from if
you start down all day you're a lot less
active than someone who's like got an
active job say as a builder or like if
you're always walking around to the
postman you know looking to your diet
first off and work out your maintenance
calories and then also like your deficit
calories and try that test it for a week
to test - in like 100 to 200 calories
for one week see how you get on you
might feel a little or you might feel a
little bit lower in energy that's
completely normal but you need to be
consistent with your diet
making sure you're not like exceeding
hella calories when I first began going
to the gym I would I'd be like right up
into the gym today I can eat a large
Domino's and I'm gonna still lose weight
I genuinely thought like that back but
after like educating myself and learning
more about nutrition this is where like
realized all this it has to consider it
also make sure that you haven't got like
high saturated fat foods in your diet or
like if you can avoid them where
possible because that's really gonna
sort of slow your and hinder your
progress fast food brands wrong I love
McDonald's but like if I've got one
filling fish meal or like chicken
nuggets it's not going to fill me up for
two minutes and I'm gonna want to eat
again you're like 10 minutes or so let
me know if you'd want to see that my
full fitness journey explained because
there's so much to it and I know exactly
what it's like when you first start out
and you just not got a clue and you're
kind of like going in blind you go into
the gym you don't know exactly what
you're doing right now I'm going to get
on to my lunch cut site I think
breakfast has got to be my favorite meal
of the day especially because I'm
intermittent path students so eggs a
whole meal Peter some avocado and I'm
gonna pop some chorizo slices just as
like a little topic I keep my pizzas in
the freezer and they just pop them in
the oven to defrost because I feel like
I don't always get through them enough
and they can go up quite quick so
[Music]
like science mission is it when you're
putting your poached eggs onto your
bread like I just I always feel like
it's gonna crack and then I'd be really
unhappy
[Music]
also I found some turkey rashes in the
fridge so I'm just gonna pop them on it
so here's my second meal I absolutely
love poached eggs like they're just a
staple I could just eat these every day
all day
my personal turkey rascism is the new
dining room chairs hello so I'm just
gonna make a quick snack
wooden of like my go-to snacks at the
moment is right first eating yogurt
literally just like Greek yogurt percent
fat and then add in protein of
preference
yogurt is Penelope's favorite as well I
always let her lick the tub when it's
empty so I'm gonna let it case yeah
absolutely that's it spit spit sit yeah
yeah yeah this yogurt that I use I got
this from Aldi it's in cream flavour
away it's about 130 grams of the yogurt
that I use
[Music]
now about 30 grams of the protein and
I'm using these butter biscuit drops
today just like one drops they're super
strong
[Music]
and that is my snack of choice honestly
so so nice and really really satisfied
especially if you've got like a sweet
tooth
just put some like nuts as well on top
of there every day I like to have
something sweet so one little hack that
I found is just not making yogurt so we
like protein and then like toppings and
stuff just a base in I don't know what's
half my dinner tonight
that's Penelope's you probably hear in
the background drinking just taking my
chicken out of the oven and I've just
added some right look tomatoes and some
basil leaves what I had been just gonna
use the microwave rice I'm just gonna
have some whole grains this is the
cauliflower rice that I really like I
get this from Tesco and you just pop it
in the microwave and it's just really
quick when it comes to evening meal as
well I just want to relax I especially
when I've been working all day so I like
stuff that is just super quick and easy
[Music]
here's my phone normally of the day six
out she looks really nice I'm living the
qualifier you can also like put some
cheese in it but I'm quite liking the
red hot sauce at the moment just after a
kick to it as well so I'm gonna eat that
so that brings us to the end of this
video I really hope you enjoyed it if
you aren't already don't forget to
subscribe and like this video it really
helps for your channel also I'll leave
my workout guides and everything linked
in the description box down below and
I'll see you guys in the next video
[Music]